quick review on the on the run tag start
right here cap for it it's a 30
millimeter nib probably largest nib I
would use for any like for a universal
tag maybe if your tag really worked with
a larger net like it looked good then
you could do it but I'd say this the
largest you can do for anybody's tag so
you know so it's pretty large you can
fill it up ink really easily just twist
the end off put it in the nib only works
on flat surfaces and it's replaceable
but it's a hassle so just don't use it
on rough stuff because it will break
quick yeah so seriously the flat
surfaces only like glass metal very flat
um it looks really nice if you don't
attack with it I still don't um so cut
out the hassle me on that but I'll show
you the lines and everything and do what
I can can to show it off to you okay
here's a thin line closer
that's on the side that's complete
that's the large line and let's take it
I don't know stop or something no it's
how I roll if you really know how to
curve it you can get really sweet
quotations look really nice anyways it's
not bad I'd say the downsides that you
can only use in certain places it
doesn't drip doesn't always come up
clean depending on life it's a flat
enough surface plus side you're going to
feel it really easily it's small enough
to hide and it does put out a generally
good line probably the best of any fat
nib I've seen so try it out it's not too
expensive and some